Add support OS versions on apple devices (#3620)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/iphone.md

tags: apple mobile-phone
iconSlug: apple
permalink: /iphone

> releasePolicyLink: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_iPhone_models#Supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
releasePolicyLink: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_iPhone_models#Release_dates
```

discontinuedColumn: true
activeSupportColumn: false
eolColumn: Supported
releaseColumn: false
releaseDateColumn: true

# All links can be found on https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201296.

> # All supported iOS versions can be found on https://iosref.com/ios#iphone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# All supported iOS versions can be found on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_iPhone_models#Release_dates.
```

Let's only use wikipedia as it is our main source of information.
